[YOMOGI]
Gauma.
Here, Yomogi.
Please allow me to help.
[YUME]
Is he healing?
Sorry, but this
isn't a Fixer Beam.
If nothing else, it'll at
least ease his pain.
[YOMOGI] We'll never get an
ambulance here in this mess.
[SECOND] Hang in there a
bit longer, Gauma... Knight.
[KOYOMI pants]
[KNIGHT grunting]
[SIZUMU laughs]
It's a kaiju!
How is this happening?
Here I thought that there
wouldn't be any more appearing.
I see. That means the world
of kaiju isn't over just yet!
[ONIJA gasps]
What's up, Juuga?
[JUUGA]
This kaiju!
[gasps]
Could it be...
It's Sizumu?
Take me with you.
Please, Sizumu!
I wanna see that future,
the one that has kaiju!
And you two? What's your choice?
Of course I choose the
future where I kill
as many humans as possible.
In the end, this is all
that's left for me.
[SIZUMU roars]
[SIZUMU laughs]
[KNIGHT]
What?
[SIZUMU laughs]
[KNIGHT grunts] No way.
He's even stronger than before!
[grunts]
Gauma!
Good, you're awake.
[YOMOGI]
You okay?
[GAUMA]
I don't know, am I?
Your face says a lot.
[GAUMA]
I don't think... I've got long.
[SECOND]
Stop it.
What are you even saying?
Look, Yomogi... Yume...
I'm sorry I got you two into
this mess with all the kaiju
and the eugenicists.
Everything that happened
back then, 5,000 years ago...
It doesn't involve you.
How can you say
something so stupid?
Gauma, you were the one
who brought us into this!
With Dynazenon!
[YOMOGI]
It's your fault.
You're the reason we built this
connection in the first place!
[grunts, sighs]
I'm really sorry.
No, that isn't right.
I meant thanks.
[GAUMA]
Please tell Koyomi for me.
No, you tell him yourself.
You need to live,
so you can just tell him
with your own words!
Jeez, man, you're so loud.
[KNIGHT]
Kaiser Knight... Double Storm!
[SIZUMU laughs]
[KNIGHT yells]
[KNIGHT screams]
Yomogi, let's go.
There's still something
we can do... if we hurry.
[YOMOGI] Second, please take
care of Gauma for us.
I will. Be careful.
[YOMOGI]
Right. See you soon.
[YUME]
Yeah.
[ANNOUNCEMENT VOICE]
The train has come
to an emergency stop.
We apologize for--
[KOYOMI pants]
[gasps]
[KOYOMI] It's all a coincidence,
just like that day.
What's different... is me.
[GAUMA grunts]
Hey, where do you
think you're going?
If I don't find a way
to defeat that kaiju,
then those guys might
lose their future.
Get it?
I sure as hell didn't
revive for an easy life.
[SECOND] You can't, though!
You're in no shape for it!
[GAUMA] In this world, there're
three important things...
...you've gotta keep.
Promises, love, and...
[YOMOGI grunts]
[YOMOGI]
I like you.
Will you date me?
Oh yeah, she never answered me.
Hm... Perfect timing, huh?
[KNIGHT grunts]
[KOYOMI shouts]
[SIZUMU grunts]
[grunts]
Don't you dare touch me!
[gasps]
It's Mujina?!
[YUME pants]
[YUME grunts]
That hurt.
[YUME]
Hey...
Kano? I'm fine.
I'll be okay.
[mechanical footsteps]
[YUME gasps]
[YUME]
Yomogi?
Let's go. Now, Minami!
C'mon, they're waiting for us!
[YUME]
Mm!
[gasps]
[CHISE] Goldburn!
Please tell me you're alive!
[growls]
Of course you're okay.
You really are the coolest
friend I've got in this world.
[alarm beeping]
[GOLDBURN roars]
[GOLDBURN groans]
No way am I letting you
kill Chise's friend!
I'm sick of memorials!
[YOMOGI]
Knight!
[KNIGHT]
Yomogi Asanaka?
[YOMOGI, YUME gasp]
[YOMOGI, YUME]
Gauma?
I'm here for Koyomi.
To give him my
sincere apologies.
I'm sorry I got you involved.
Thanks, Gauma.
But, uh, what are
we talking about?
Heh. I see. Guess there's
still a lot to explain.
[KOYOMI]
Uh...
[KNIGHT]
Gauma, I told you to wait.
Why are you here?
[GAUMA] Hmph. Look, you may
not want my help,
but I'm still giving it.
[KNIGHT] Then don't regret it.
It's time to combine our powers!
Let's do this!
[ALL]
Right!
Super Dragon King...
...Kaiser Gridknight!
[ONIJA]
Let the slaughtering begin!
Kaiju will wipe out
every stupid human
left in this despicable world!
[KNIGHT shouts]
Not on our watch!
We won't let that happen!
[KNIGHT]
Yeah! That's right!
Kaiser Knight... Circular!
[JUUGA]
Gauma!
I always used to
look up to you!
I needed you, and whether
you want to believe it,
you needed me, too!
And yet, you betrayed us!
But I only liked you--
Just shut up, Juuga!
I said not to show
your face, remember?
If you won't stay away.
then this time I'll make
sure you stay dead.
I realize the only real thing
I have left are kaiju!
That's all I have in
this pathetic world!
And it's all your fault, Koyomi!
[KOYOMI] If I'm really the cause
of your pain, I'm sorry!
Your apology means nothing!
I'll never forgive you!
[KOYOMI grunts]
Get off me!
[MUJINA yelps]
[YOMOGI, YUME]
Sizumu!
It's not working.
He won't talk to us.
[SIZUMU laughs]
[ALL]
Rex...
...Grid...
...Fire!
[ALL shout]
[ALL grunting]
[GAUMA]
Hang in there, you guys!
Don't you dare lose to this!
[YOMOGI grunts]
[gasps]
Yomogi! What are you doing?
[grunts]
[YOMOGI]
Back then...
It might have been some kind
of coincidence, but...
[YOMOGI shouts]
Instance... Domination!
[grunts]
[pants]
[KNIGHT]
Now!
[ALL]
Combine Dragon... Dynazenon!
Battle...
[ALL]
...Go!
Let's do it!
Dynazenon... Full Burst!
[KNIGHT]
Come, Goldburn!
[GOLDBURN roars]
[KNIGHT shouts]
[SIZUMU laughs]
[ONIJA]
What?
[KNIGHT shouts]
[ALL]
Super Dragon... Dyna Rex!
[KNIGHT grunts]
[KAIJU EUGENICISTS]
Drop dead, you phony kaiju!
[GAUMA]
Let's end this, Gridknight!
[KNIGHT]
Right! Together!
Now, Blazing...
...Hot Inferno... Burning...
[KNIGHT]
...Grid...
[ALL]
...Rex...
...Roar!
[KAIJU EUGENICISTS grunt]
It's not over!
[GAUMA, KNIGHT]
It is!
This is the end for all of you!
[KAIJU EUGENICISTS yell]
[ONIJA] Heh. Well, I guess this
time I really am dead for sure.
I wonder if it's
better this way.
It isn't. Kaiju will
still have their future.
[SECOND]
Gauma?
No, Gauma!
[YOMOGI, KOYOMI gasp]
[YUME] We've gotta get
him to the hospital!
[YOMOGI]
Right!
Leave me.
I don't wanna... be any more
of a bother to you guys.
[SECOND gasps]
[GAUMA] In this world, maybe I
couldn't meet you, but...
...at least I got to meet them.
[gasps]
[GAUMA] After all this time,
I think I finally understand
why you... entrusted
me with Dynazenon.
[gasps]
Uh. Hold on. What about Gauma?
[GOLDBURN roars]
[KOYOMI]
That scared me.
[CHISE chuckles]
He's saying,
"Let's not drag this
out any further."
Goldburn looks much better.
Like he's all healed up.
Uh-huh! He's patched
up and raring to go!
Who are you? Have we met?
Uh. You seriously
can't remember me?
Gauma said, "In this world,
it's really important
to keep these..
[YOMOGI]
...three things. Which are...
[ALL]
Promises. Love.
[YOMOGI]
And..."
[KNIGHT]
We must leave this world now.
For our next mission.
[SECOND] Farewell.
Thank you for everything.
[YOMOGI] Goodbye. Thanks for
your help, Knight. Second.
And thank you, Dynazenon.
[roars]
[gasps]
I'll miss you!
Thanks, Goldburn!
I won't... forget you!
You're the best friend
that I've ever had!
[CHISE pants]
Thank you!
They're gone, huh?
Yeah.
We should get going, too.
[YUME groans]
Don't groan at me like that.
Is something wrong?
[YOMOGI]
No.
[YUME]
I so don't wanna go today.
[YOMOGI]
You're still saying that?
[YUME]
Of course.
[YOMOGI]
Aw come on,
didn't we promise that we
would make today a success?
[YUME] Fine. But only
because you insist.
[CHISE]
So, hey. How many interviews
did you end up botching?
[KOYOMI]
Twenty-one.
[CHISE]
Right.
And in the end, wasn't it
your ex-girlfriend's husband
who got you a job?
[KOYOMI] She's not my ex.
She's just a friend.
[CHISE]
You schmoozed your way in, huh?
[KOYOMI]
Yeah, of course I did.
[CHISE] Now I don't know if
I want to end up like you,
after all.
It's best if you don't.
Well, to be honest, you look
kind of weird in a suit.
Is that so? You looked
weird in a uniform.
[laughs] True, I could never
really pull one off.
[FEMALE PA VOICE A] May I
please have your attention.
Welcome...
[YUME] Hey. I said
you couldn't use me.
[MEI]
Did you?
[YUME] I did.
Hey, Yume. Should you
even be here?
Your turn is coming up, right?
[YUME]
Stop nagging, Mom.
You haven't changed at all.
Everything looks so lively.
Is your class up next, Yomogi?
Yep! Oh if you wanna pay,
you do it at the entrance.
'Kay.
Hey. Is Gauma going to be here?
He's not.
[YOMOGI'S MOM]
Mm!
The truth is, Gauma actually
got banned from our school.
Why, though? What happened?
--[AWAKI] Yomogi!
--[RANKA] Yomo!
What's the matter?
Well, Minami is totally MIA.
[RANKA]
Jeez, what's her problem?
[NAZUMI] It's just that
her turn is coming up,
but no one can reach her.
[AWAKI]
Yomogi. Go and find her.
You're on Minami duty!
Okay! On it.
[MALE PA VOICE A]
Next is the Calligraphy Club.
--[footsteps]
--[YUME gasps]
[FEMALE CALLIGRAPHY CLUB A]
Good afternoon, everyone.
We're the calligraphy club!
Thank you for coming
to our performance.
The recent kaiju have
caused terrible damage,
not just to Fujiyokidai,
but many different areas.
[YUME]
♪ In your heart, you are free. ♪
♪ Like a bird,
you are so pretty. ♪
♪ Yes, a white bird
with wings. ♪
[YOMOGI]
There you are, Minami!
Hey, it's almost our turn.
We should be getting ready.
[YUME] Yeah, but...
I really don't want to.
[YOMOGI]
I know that,
but you should do it for
the others in our class.
Let's go, 'kay?
[YOMOGI]
Hm?
Then... take me there.
[YOMOGI gasps]
[SIZUMU]
I just don't get it.
You had the potential to be an
actual kaiju user, Yomogi,
but you threw it away.
I don't understand kaiju,
that's why...
I couldn't ever do it.
[SIZUMU] Because Kaiju can't
be understood by people.
They're beyond your
logic and reasoning.
[SIZUMU]
They're not bound by anything.
You witnessed it, right?
[SIZUMU] That's how the
power of kaiju works.
It can free you from time,
and space,
even from something like death.
You had the greatest of freedoms
right there at your fingertips.
Won't you regret it?
Uh, I honestly don't know yet.
But I know I wanna
live this life,
with all of the good things,
along with all the bad ones.
Humans always lose
their freedom,
unaware that it's
even happening.
It's only a matter of time
until you lose yourself.
I don't feel like
I'm losing my freedom.
I'm only gaining something.
Irreplaceable bonds.
[SIZUMU]
I just don't get it.
[YUME]
Yomogi?
[YOMOGI]
Uh?
There you go, nicely done.
Whatever, you're quite
the joker, aren't you, Minami?
Uh, hey.
[YOMOGI]
Hm?
It's just... you're still
saying, "Minami."
[YOMOGI gasps]
In that case--
Everybody's waiting.
C'mon, Yume!
[laughs]
[YUME]
Nicely done.
[YOMOGI]
Aren't you embarrassed?
[YUME] Embarrassment can
be a good thing.
[YOMOGI]
Our scars aren't healing.
[YUME] Yeah, but I hope
they stay with us forever.
[YOMOGI]
Why?
[YUME]
So we remember.
No matter how many
years may pass.
[YUME], YOMOGI laugh]